Q 1 :- (a) True
Q 2 :- (a) Central Limit Theorem
Q 3 :- (b) Modeling bounded count data
Q 4 :- (d) All of the mentioned
Q 5 :- (c) Poisson
q 6 :- (b) False
Q 7 :- (b) Hypothesis
Q 8 :- (a) 0
Q 9 :- (c) Outliers can not confirm regression relationship
Q 10 :- Normal Distribution:- Normal distribution is also known as the Gaussian distribution,
                              is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean,
                              showing that data near the mean are more frequent in occurrence
                              than data far from the mean. In graph from, normal distribution
                              will apear as a bell curve.
Q 11 :- Handling Missing Data
        1. Mean or Median imputation. When data is missing at random , we can use list-wise or
           pai-wise deletion of the missing observations.
        2. Multivariate Imputation by chained equation(MICE): MICE assumes that the missing data
           are Missing at Random(MAR). It imputes data on a variable-by-variable basis by specifying
           an impution model per variables.
        3. Random Forest. Random forest is a non-parametric impution method applicable to various 
           variable types that works well with both data missing at random and not missing at 
           random.
        I will recommend complete case analysis(CCA) imputation techinque, Arbitrary Value Imputation and Frequent Catagory Imputation.
 Q 12 :- A/B Testing:- Like any type of scientific testing , A/B testing is basically statistical hypothesis testing , or, 
                       in other wors, statistical inference. It is an analytical method for making decisions that estimates
                       population parameters based on sample statistics.
 Q 13 :- True, imputing the mean preserves the mean of the observed data. So if the data are missing completely at random,
         the estimate of the mean remains unbiased.
 Q 14 :- In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach for modeling the relationship between a scalar response and 
         one or more explanatory variables.
 Q 15 :- Branches of statistics :- Two Branches of statistics  Descriptive Statistics and Inferential Statistics.
         Descriptive statistics : the branch of statistics that focuses on collecting , summerizing , and presenting a set of data.
         Inferential Statistics : the branch of statistics that analyzes sample data to draw conclusions about a population.
